docs/form.md, before:

# The `<Form/>` Wrapper

### Usage:
- [Required Props](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#required-props)
- [Optional Props](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#optional-props)
- [Updating Form State](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#updating-form-state)
- [Validation](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#validation)
- [Prepopulating Form](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#prepopulating-form)
- [Submitting Forms](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#submitting-forms)
- [Forms with Switch Inside](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#forms-with-switch-inside)

## Required Props
### Field Names
`fieldNames` is a required prop when using form.jsx. It uses this array to know which fields to track. Each entry in fieldNames can be a string, like `'firstName'`, or an object with a type and name, like `{ name: 'isFullTimeEmployee', type: 'checkbox' }`. It's recommended to use the second version for checkboxes and radios.
### Submit Form
`submitForm` must be a function that receives the formData, file data, and two callbacks (success and fail). See 'Submitting Forms' below.
### Id
`id` is just the id of your form. You should make your jsx component `<form id>` match.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Optional Props
### Validation Help
Used to customize bloom-form's built-in validation. See 'Validation' below.
### Ignore Focus On First Element
By default the first input will be focused on for accessibility reasons.  Set this prop to false to offset default behavior.
### Preserve After Unmount
By default, the form will clear its data after unmounting from the ui. This means that a registration form will delete its data after you route to a new page. If `preserveAfterUnmount` is true, this will prevent the form from clearing, and you'll be able to return to that form and see the data still there.
### Prepopulate Data
`prepopulateData` is a json object, usually return from an ajax GET request, that fills in the fields in your form. The keys in this json object should match up with the fieldNames you passed into the form.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Updating Form State
By default, inputs' values are updated via the `updateForm` method. It receives the event coming from changing that input and sets that field's value for you. You can stick it right on an input like:
```
<TextInput onChange={ this.props.updateForm } />
```

You can also manually update a field. Say you have a button that changes the value of a text input. You would want to manually pass in which values and which fields are needed. You can do this through `manualFieldUpdate`, which accepts four parameters: the formId, the fieldName, the fieldValue, and the type of input (html5 standard input types preferred, such as 'text', 'checkbox', and 'radio'). To use:
```
const { formData, formId, manualFieldUpdate } = this.props

...

    <Button onClick={ () => manualFieldUpdate(formId, 'choice', 'Choice #1 - Blah', 'text') }>
      Choice #1
    </Button>
    <TextInput name='choice' value={ formData.choice.value } />

...
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Validation
All the existing inputs have support for a `validateAs` string and an `onBlur` (when that field loses focus) function prop, which should call `props.checkField`. You can add more types of validaton to the validator by passing in a `validationHelp` prop to `<Form />`.

`validationHelp` should be an object with two fields: a json object of error messages, and a dictionary of custom `validateAs` keys with their test functions that return errors.
- Example:
```
validationHelp = {
  errorLanguage: {
    'not-empty': 'This field cannot be empty',
    'min-length': 'This field must be at least <LIMIT> chars.'
  },
  dictionary: {
    'min-length-2': (testData) => testData.length && testData.length >= 2 ? null : errorLanguage['min-length'].replace('<LIMIT>', 2),
    'min-length-8': (testData) => testData.length && testData.length >= 8 ? null : errorLanguage['min-length'].replace('<LIMIT>', 8)
  }
}
```

To use this set up, an example field would look like:
```
<TextInput name='pet' validateAs='min-length-2' onBlur={ props.checkField } onChange={ props.updateForm }
  value={ formData.pet.value } error={ formData.pet.error } />
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Prepopulating `<Form />`
To have your form populate with existing data, pass in a JSON object of key/value pairs where the keys match your fieldNames prop.

You may have to use an ajax call to grab the necessary data. Form.jsx will load those values as soon as it receives them.

## Submitting Forms
Form.jsx will handle your form data, but you should write your own submitForm function and pass it in as a prop. Your submitForm should be able to handle formData, a FormData object of files, and both a success and fail callback. You *must* call the success and fail callbacks for the form to update `pendingRequest` -- otherwise, anything showing loading/pending that's dependent on that field will continue to spin endlessly.

An example submitForm might look like:
```
submitForm = (formData, files, successCallback, failCallback) => {
  WebService.post(formData)
    .then((res) => {
      // trigger a success alert
      successCallback()
    })
    .catch((err) => {
      // trigger an error alert
      failCallback()
    })
}
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Forms with Switch Inside
To make forms with Routes inside, you will need to make the Switch its own Container inside another form container and pass in the props with a spread operator.

For example:
Outermost container:
```
class RegistrationFormContainer extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <Form id='registration-form' fieldNames={ fieldNames } submitRoute='/user/register'>
        <RegistrationFormSwitch />
      </Form>
    )
  }
}
```
Switch container:
```
class RegistrationFormSwitch extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <Switch>
        <Route path='/step1' render={ () => <StepOne { ...this.props } /> } />
        <Route path='/step2' render={ () => <StepTwo { ...this.props } /> } />
      </Switch>
    )
  }
}
```
Now StepOne and StepTwo will both be able to receive their needed Form props, such as `updateForm` and `addFormError`.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)


## NOTE ON Z-INDEX
To ensure that SelectInputs in rows above other SelectInputs render on top of them, their wrapping row div must have a higher z-index than the row below.

For example:
```
<div style={{ zIndex: 2 }} className='LoginForm-row'>
  <SelectInput />
</div>
<div style={{ zIndex: 1 }} className='LoginForm-row'>
  <SelectInput />
</div>
```

Commit message:

Form refactor and testing (#54)
* starting cleanup

* form reducer is immutable; updating affected methods that shouldn't have been anyways; updating form tests

* commenting out incomplete test for push

* updating test; final check field trigger when component receives new props is still in progress

* fixing form test; leaving commented code for later

* updating docs

* fixing up test

docs/form.md, after:

# The `<Form/>` Wrapper

### Usage:
- [Required Props](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#required-props)
- [Optional Props](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#optional-props)
- [Updating Form State](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#updating-form-state)
- [Validation](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#validation)
- [Prepopulating Form](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#prepopulating-form)
- [Submitting Forms](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#submitting-forms)
- [Forms with Switch Inside](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/form.md#forms-with-switch-inside)

## Required Props
### Field Names
`fieldNames` is a required prop when using form.jsx. It uses this array to know which fields to track. Each entry in fieldNames can be a string, like `'firstName'`, or an object with a type and name, like `{ name: 'isFullTimeEmployee', type: 'checkbox' }`. It's recommended to use the second version for checkboxes and radios.
### Submit Form
`submitForm` must be a function that receives the formData, file data, and two callbacks (success and fail). See 'Submitting Forms' below.
### Id
`id` is just the id of your form. You should make your jsx component `<form id>` match.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Optional Props
### Validation Help
Used to customize bloom-form's built-in validation. See 'Validation' below.
### Ignore Focus On First Element
By default the first input will be focused on for accessibility reasons.  Set this prop to false to offset default behavior.
### Preserve After Unmount
By default, the form will clear its data after unmounting from the ui. This means that a registration form will delete its data after you route to a new page. If `preserveAfterUnmount` is true, this will prevent the form from clearing, and you'll be able to return to that form and see the data still there.
### Prepopulate Data
`prepopulateData` is a json object, usually return from an ajax GET request, that fills in the fields in your form. The keys in this json object should match up with the fieldNames you passed into the form.
### Wrap in Form Element
`wrapInFormElement` receives a boolean that will renders the form children inside of `<form></form>` instead of inside a React Fragment.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Updating Form State
By default, inputs' values are updated via the `updateForm` method. It receives the event coming from changing that input and sets that field's value for you. You can stick it right on an input like:
```
<TextInput onChange={ this.props.updateForm } />
```

You can also manually update a field. Say you have a button that changes the value of a text input. You would want to manually pass in which values and which fields are needed. You can do this through `manualFieldUpdate`, which accepts four parameters: the formId, the fieldName, the fieldValue, and the type of input (html5 standard input types preferred, such as 'text', 'checkbox', and 'radio'). To use:
```
const { formData, formId, manualFieldUpdate } = this.props

...

    <Button onClick={ () => manualFieldUpdate(formId, 'choice', 'Choice #1 - Blah', 'text') }>
      Choice #1
    </Button>
    <TextInput name='choice' value={ formData.choice.value } />

...
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Validation
All the existing inputs have support for a `validateAs` string and an `onBlur` (when that field loses focus) function prop, which should call `props.checkField`. You can add more types of validaton to the validator by passing in a `validationHelp` prop to `<Form />`.

`validationHelp` should be an object with two fields: a json object of error messages, and a dictionary of custom `validateAs` keys with their test functions that return errors.
- Example:
```
validationHelp = {
  errorLanguage: {
    'not-empty': 'This field cannot be empty',
    'min-length': 'This field must be at least <LIMIT> chars.'
  },
  dictionary: {
    'min-length-2': (testData) => testData.length && testData.length >= 2 ? null : errorLanguage['min-length'].replace('<LIMIT>', 2),
    'min-length-8': (testData) => testData.length && testData.length >= 8 ? null : errorLanguage['min-length'].replace('<LIMIT>', 8)
  }
}
```

To use this set up, an example field would look like:
```
<TextInput name='pet' validateAs='min-length-2' onBlur={ props.checkField } onChange={ props.updateForm }
  value={ formData.pet.value } error={ formData.pet.error } />
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Prepopulating `<Form />`
To have your form populate with existing data, pass in a JSON object of key/value pairs where the keys match your fieldNames prop.

You may have to use an ajax call to grab the necessary data. Form.jsx will load those values as soon as it receives them.

## Submitting Forms
Form.jsx will handle your form data, but you should write your own submitForm function and pass it in as a prop. Your submitForm should be able to handle formData, a FormData object of files, and both a success and fail callback. You *must* call the success and fail callbacks for the form to update `pendingRequest` -- otherwise, anything showing loading/pending that's dependent on that field will continue to spin endlessly.

An example submitForm might look like:
```
submitForm = (formData, files, successCallback, failCallback) => {
  WebService.post(formData)
    .then((res) => {
      // trigger a success alert
      successCallback()
    })
    .catch((err) => {
      // trigger an error alert
      failCallback()
    })
}
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)

## Forms with Switch Inside
To make forms with Routes inside, you will need to make the Switch its own Container inside another form container and pass in the props with a spread operator.

For example:
Outermost container:
```
class RegistrationFormContainer extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <Form id='registration-form' fieldNames={ fieldNames } submitRoute='/user/register'>
        <RegistrationFormSwitch />
      </Form>
    )
  }
}
```
Switch container:
```
class RegistrationFormSwitch extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <Switch>
        <Route path='/step1' render={ () => <StepOne { ...this.props } /> } />
        <Route path='/step2' render={ () => <StepTwo { ...this.props } /> } />
      </Switch>
    )
  }
}
```
Now StepOne and StepTwo will both be able to receive their needed Form props, such as `updateForm` and `addFormError`.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms#readme-contents)


## NOTE ON Z-INDEX
To ensure that SelectInputs in rows above other SelectInputs render on top of them, their wrapping row div must have a higher z-index than the row below.

For example:
```
<div style={{ zIndex: 2 }} className='LoginForm-row'>
  <SelectInput />
</div>
<div style={{ zIndex: 1 }} className='LoginForm-row'>
  <SelectInput />
</div>
```
