docs/inputs.md, before:

# Bloom Forms Inputs

## Contents:
  * [Button](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#button)
  * [Checkbox](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#checkbox)
  * [CurrencyInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#currencyinput)
  * [Dropzone](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#dropzone)
  * [FileInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#fileinput)
  * [RadioGroup](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#radiogroup)
  * [RadioButtonGroup](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#radiobuttongroup)
  * [SelectInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#selectinput)
  * [TextArea](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#textarea)
  * [TextInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#textinput)
  * [ToggleSwitch](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#toggleswitch)


## Button
### Required Props
- `contents`:
  A string or an element; displays on the inside of the `Button`.
- `id`:
  A unique string to give the Button an ID. Especially important if the `Button` triggers a modal or other elements where it's needed for accessibility.
- `onClick`:
  A function to be triggered when the `Button` is clicked.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string to style the `Button`.
- `loading`:
  A boolean indicating if something on the page is loading that should prevent `Button` click events.
- `loadingElement`:
  A React Element containing a spinner or other loading indicator in case you don't want to use the bloom-forms default spinner.

### Example Usage
```
<Button contents='Click me' onClick={ this.renderStuff } id='example-button' className='Btn--small' />
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## Checkbox
### Required Props
- `checked`:
  A boolean for if the element is checked or not. Usually populated like `formData.field.value`.
- `name`:
  A string that should match one of the string in `fieldNames` passed into `<Form>`. Also used as the checkbox's ID.
- `label`:
  Either a string or an element to label the checkbox. Hidden by default, but always required for accessibility purposes.
- `onChange`:
  A function that fires when the checkbox is clicked. Usually `updateForm`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string for styling the checkbox input.
- `errors`:
  A string for displaying errors. Usually populated like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string for styling the label text.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when the `Checkbox` loses focus. Usually fires validation via `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `showLabelBeforeCheckbox`:
  A boolean reversing the display order of checkbox and label text.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## CurrencyInput
### Notes
CurrencyInput is a special TextInput that always validates as a number and displays the type of currency in the background of the input.

### Required Props
- `currency`:
  A string noting the type of currency. Typically 'ETH', 'BTC', etc.
- `id`:
  A string that becomes the input's ID.
- `label`:
  Either a string or a React element that labels the `CurrencyInput`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `CurrencyInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `value`:
  A string holding the value of the `CurrencyInput`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string for styling the currency input.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles just the label text.
- `placeholder`:
  A string that shows up in the background of the `CurrencyInput` when its value is empty.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- showLabel:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## Dropzone
### Notes
A file input that supports drag and drop and multiple files. Forked and reworked for our purposes from 'react-dropzone'.

### Required Props
- `files`:
  An array of File objects. Should be passed in like `formData.field.value`, as file inputs append an array of Files to the redux store.
- `label`:
  A string that labels the `Dropzone`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `Dropzone`'s value. Generally, this should be `manualFieldUpdate`.

### Optional Props
- `accept`:
  A string limiting the file types accepted. Native HTML5 'accept' attribute on input type='file'.
- `imageStyle`:
  An object with CSS for styling the preview images of any uploaded files. Will fall back to default styles if not defined.
- `loadingElement`:
  A React Element containing a spinner or other loading indicator in case you don't want to use the bloom-forms default spinner.
- `multiple`:
  A boolean allowing multiple files to be uploaded simultaneously. Defaults to `true`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## FileInput
### Notes
Inline file input that does not support drag and drop.

### Required Props
- `formId`:
  A string that matches the id passed into your wrapper `<Form>`.
- `label`:
  A string labelling your `FileInput`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `id`:
  A string giving the `FileInput` its ID.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `FileInput`'s value to the `formData`. Also sets the `name` prop of each element in the group.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `FileInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `manualFieldUpdate`.

### Optional Props
- `accept`:
  A string limiting the file types accepted. Native HTML5 'accept' attribute on input type='file'.
- `error`:
- `multiple`:
  A boolean allowing multiple files to be uploaded simultaneously.
- `onBlur`:
- `required`:


[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## RadioGroup
## and RadioButtonGroup

Both RadioGroup and RadioButtonGroup are used when there are a variety of options, but only one can be selected at once.
RadioButtonGroup behaves nearly identically to RadioGroup but has the styling of buttons.

### Required Props
- `name`:
  A string tying the `RadioGroup`'s value to the `formData`. Also sets the `name` prop of each element in the group.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `RadioGroup`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `options`:
  An array of radio options, with each one looking like:
  ```
  {
    id: string,
    label: either a string or a react element
  }
  ```
- `value`:
  A string mapped to the `RadioGroup`'s value in `formData`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string to style each radio input.
- `containerClass`:
  A string to style the entire component wrapper.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles only the label text of each radio input.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## SelectInput
### Required Props
- `formId`:
  A string that matches the id passed into your wrapper `<Form>`.
- `label`:
  A string labelling your select input. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `SelectInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `manualFieldUpdate`.
- `options`:
  An array of either strings, or an object of type: { label: string, value: number or string }. These populate your `SelectInput` options.
- `value`:
  Either a number or string holding the value of the `SelectInput`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `containerClass`:
  A string to style the entire select input container. Shows up on `<label>` in the DOM.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `loading`:
  A boolean indicating if an ajax request is populating the options of your SelectInput.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `typeAhead`:
  A boolean indicating if the `SelectInput` should have typeahead functionality. If set to false, typing letter characters has no effect on results.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## TextArea
### Notes
TextArea is a multi-line text input for large amounts of text. Uses HTML5 `<textarea>`.

### Required Props
- `label`:
  Either a string or a React element that labels the `TextArea`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `TextArea`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `value`:
  A string holding the value of the `TextArea`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string that styles the input box directly.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles only the label text of the `TextArea`.
- `placeholder`:
  A string that shows up in the background of the `TextArea` when its value is empty.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## TextInput
### Notes
TextInput is a single line text input used most often in forms.

### Required Props
- `label`:
  Either a string or a React element that labels the `TextInput`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `TextInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `value`:
  A string holding the value of the `TextInput`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string that styles the input box directly.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `isPassword`:
  A boolean that, when true, obfuscates all characters entered into the input and makes them appear as dots.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles only the label text of the `TextInput`.
- `placeholder`:
  A string that shows up in the background of the `TextInput` when its value is empty.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `onKeyDown`:
  A function capturing a keydown event.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## ToggleSwitch
### Notes:
The ToggleSwitch is a hidden checkbox that appears in the UI like a sideways light switch. In the DOM, it looks either 'on' or 'off' depending on the `isActive` prop.

### Required Props
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `isActive`:
  A boolean that indicates if the `ToggleSwitch` is 'on' or 'off'.
- `labelText`:
  A string that labels the `ToggleSwitch`.
- `onClick`:
  A function that changes the value of the corresponding field in `formData`. Usually passed in like `manualFieldUpdate('example-form-id', 'toggle-switch-name', !formData['toggle-switch-name'].value)`

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string that styles the toggle switch.
- `disabled`:
  A boolean that, when true, prevents the onClick event from firing and leaves the `ToggleSwitch` in 'off' position.
- `innerLabels`:
  An object that allows you to display text for 'on' and 'off' inside the `ToggleSwitch`. An example object might look like:
  ```
  { on: 'true', off: 'false' }
  ```
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty. HTML checkboxes don't support this fully, so it's only used for UX display purposes.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

Commit message:

Select input multiple (#14)
* reorganizing

* update docs; fix syntax issues

* docs update; fixing required logger

* adding container class to outermost wrapper instead of hidden label

docs/inputs.md, after:

# Bloom Forms Inputs

## Contents:
  * [Button](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#button)
  * [Checkbox](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#checkbox)
  * [CurrencyInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#currencyinput)
  * [Dropzone](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#dropzone)
  * [FileInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#fileinput)
  * [RadioGroup](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#radiogroup)
  * [RadioButtonGroup](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#radiobuttongroup)
  * [SelectInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#selectinput)
  * [TextArea](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#textarea)
  * [TextInput](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#textinput)
  * [ToggleSwitch](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#toggleswitch)


## Button
### Required Props
- `contents`:
  A string or an element; displays on the inside of the `Button`.
- `id`:
  A unique string to give the Button an ID. Especially important if the `Button` triggers a modal or other elements where it's needed for accessibility.
- `onClick`:
  A function to be triggered when the `Button` is clicked.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string to style the `Button`.
- `loading`:
  A boolean indicating if something on the page is loading that should prevent `Button` click events.
- `loadingElement`:
  A React Element containing a spinner or other loading indicator in case you don't want to use the bloom-forms default spinner.

### Example Usage
```
<Button contents='Click me' onClick={ this.renderStuff } id='example-button' className='Btn--small' />
```

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## Checkbox
### Required Props
- `checked`:
  A boolean for if the element is checked or not. Usually populated like `formData.field.value`.
- `name`:
  A string that should match one of the string in `fieldNames` passed into `<Form>`. Also used as the checkbox's ID.
- `label`:
  Either a string or an element to label the checkbox. Hidden by default, but always required for accessibility purposes.
- `onChange`:
  A function that fires when the checkbox is clicked. Usually `updateForm`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string for styling the checkbox input.
- `errors`:
  A string for displaying errors. Usually populated like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string for styling the label text.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when the `Checkbox` loses focus. Usually fires validation via `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `showLabelBeforeCheckbox`:
  A boolean reversing the display order of checkbox and label text.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## CurrencyInput
### Notes
CurrencyInput is a special TextInput that always validates as a number and displays the type of currency in the background of the input.

### Required Props
- `currency`:
  A string noting the type of currency. Typically 'ETH', 'BTC', etc.
- `id`:
  A string that becomes the input's ID.
- `label`:
  Either a string or a React element that labels the `CurrencyInput`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `CurrencyInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `value`:
  A string holding the value of the `CurrencyInput`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string for styling the currency input.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles just the label text.
- `placeholder`:
  A string that shows up in the background of the `CurrencyInput` when its value is empty.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- showLabel:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## Dropzone
### Notes
A file input that supports drag and drop and multiple files. Forked and reworked for our purposes from 'react-dropzone'.

### Required Props
- `files`:
  An array of File objects. Should be passed in like `formData.field.value`, as file inputs append an array of Files to the redux store.
- `label`:
  A string that labels the `Dropzone`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `Dropzone`'s value. Generally, this should be `manualFieldUpdate`.

### Optional Props
- `accept`:
  A string limiting the file types accepted. Native HTML5 'accept' attribute on input type='file'.
- `imageStyle`:
  An object with CSS for styling the preview images of any uploaded files. Will fall back to default styles if not defined.
- `loadingElement`:
  A React Element containing a spinner or other loading indicator in case you don't want to use the bloom-forms default spinner.
- `multiple`:
  A boolean allowing multiple files to be uploaded simultaneously. Defaults to `true`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## FileInput
### Notes
Inline file input that does not support drag and drop.

### Required Props
- `formId`:
  A string that matches the id passed into your wrapper `<Form>`.
- `label`:
  A string labelling your `FileInput`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `id`:
  A string giving the `FileInput` its ID.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `FileInput`'s value to the `formData`. Also sets the `name` prop of each element in the group.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `FileInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `manualFieldUpdate`.

### Optional Props
- `accept`:
  A string limiting the file types accepted. Native HTML5 'accept' attribute on input type='file'.
- `error`:
- `multiple`:
  A boolean allowing multiple files to be uploaded simultaneously.
- `onBlur`:
- `required`:


[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## RadioGroup
## and RadioButtonGroup

Both RadioGroup and RadioButtonGroup are used when there are a variety of options, but only one can be selected at once.
RadioButtonGroup behaves nearly identically to RadioGroup but has the styling of buttons.

### Required Props
- `name`:
  A string tying the `RadioGroup`'s value to the `formData`. Also sets the `name` prop of each element in the group.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `RadioGroup`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `options`:
  An array of radio options, with each one looking like:
  ```
  {
    id: string,
    label: either a string or a react element
  }
  ```
- `value`:
  A string mapped to the `RadioGroup`'s value in `formData`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string to style each radio input.
- `containerClass`:
  A string to style the entire component wrapper.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles only the label text of each radio input.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## SelectInput
### Required Props
- `formId`:
  A string that matches the id passed into your wrapper `<Form>`.
- `label`:
  A string labelling your select input. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `SelectInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `manualFieldUpdate`.
- `options`:
  An array of either strings, or an object of type: { label: string, value: number or string }. These populate your `SelectInput` options.
- `value`:
  Either a number or string holding the value of the `SelectInput`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `containerClass`:
  A string to style the entire select input container. Shows up on `<label>` in the DOM.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `loading`:
  A boolean indicating if an ajax request is populating the options of your SelectInput.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `typeAhead`:
  A boolean indicating if the `SelectInput` should have typeahead functionality. If set to false, typing letter characters has no effect on results.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## TextArea
### Notes
TextArea is a multi-line text input for large amounts of text. Uses HTML5 `<textarea>`.

### Required Props
- `label`:
  Either a string or a React element that labels the `TextArea`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `TextArea`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `value`:
  A string holding the value of the `TextArea`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string that styles the input box directly.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles only the label text of the `TextArea`.
- `placeholder`:
  A string that shows up in the background of the `TextArea` when its value is empty.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## TextInput
### Notes
TextInput is a single line text input used most often in forms.

### Required Props
- `label`:
  Either a string or a React element that labels the `TextInput`. Required for accessibility purposes, but hidden by default.
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `onChange`:
  A function used to update the `TextInput`'s value. Generally, this should be `updateForm`.
- `value`:
  A string holding the value of the `TextInput`. Generally passed in like `formData.field.value`.

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string that styles the input box directly.
- `containerClass`:
  A string that styles the wrapper around the entire component.
- `error`:
  A string usually passed in directly from `formData` that notes an error with that field validation. Generally passed in like `formData.field.error`.
- `isPassword`:
  A boolean that, when true, obfuscates all characters entered into the input and makes them appear as dots.
- `labelClass`:
  A string that styles only the label text of the `TextInput`.
- `placeholder`:
  A string that shows up in the background of the `TextInput` when its value is empty.
- `onBlur`:
  A function that fires when focus leaves the element. Usually used to `checkField`.
- `onKeyDown`:
  A function capturing a keydown event.
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty.
- `showLabel`:
  A boolean showing or hiding the label text. By default, all bloom forms input labels are hidden.
- `validateAs`:
  A string tying into the validation help passed in to the wrapper `<Form>`. Examples include 'not-empty', 'zip', and 'number'.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)

## ToggleSwitch
### Notes:
The ToggleSwitch is a hidden checkbox that appears in the UI like a sideways light switch. In the DOM, it looks either 'on' or 'off' depending on the `isActive` prop.

### Required Props
- `name`:
  A string tying the `formData` to the input's value. It should match one of the strings in `fieldNames` array passed into `<Form>`.
- `isActive`:
  A boolean that indicates if the `ToggleSwitch` is 'on' or 'off'.
- `labelText`:
  A string that labels the `ToggleSwitch`.
- `onClick`:
  A function that changes the value of the corresponding field in `formData`. Usually passed in like `manualFieldUpdate('example-form-id', 'toggle-switch-name', !formData['toggle-switch-name'].value)`

### Optional Props
- `className`:
  A string that styles the toggle switch.
- `disabled`:
  A boolean that, when true, prevents the onClick event from firing and leaves the `ToggleSwitch` in 'off' position.
- `innerLabels`:
  An object that allows you to display text for 'on' and 'off' inside the `ToggleSwitch`. An example object might look like:
  ```
  { on: 'true', off: 'false' }
  ```
- `required`:
  A boolean indicating if the input value can't be empty. HTML checkboxes don't support this fully, so it's only used for UX display purposes.

[Back to Contents](https://github.com/vineyard-bloom/bloom-forms/blob/master/docs/inputs.md#contents)
